Okay. So, now that we have built a cluster using the Quick Launch button,
we're going to see something a little bit more involved.
Naturally, like everything else in Amazon Web Services,
we can go through lots of those screenshots and videos or
click and fill instructions like we did a little bit here also previously.
But that said, I would actually say that it's an opportunity to introduce
another skill which is actually rather crucial
for a modern data engineers who set up complex infrastructures on
the Cloud which is the ability to do infrastructure as code.
The advantage of being in the Cloud actually is
the ability to create infrastructures namely a set of machines user,
roles, folders and processes using code.
So, IaC lets you create machines as easy as you open a file and with this idea,
you can automate, you can maintain,
you can deploy, you can replicate,
you can share complex infrastructures as easily as you maintain your code and of course,
we can debate about on-prem versus Cloud but that's
one of the things that is undreamt off in an on-premise deployment.
You create a deployment with all the configurations, all the machines,
and you just go and tear down and
set it up again or replicate it for migration or for staging.
It's rather powerful.
To be honest, IaC is borderline data engineering DevOps and actually,
modern data engineers do a little bit.
There is a point of intersection here and I
believe that's an important point of intersection.
I have to do infrastructure as code in AWS.
You can actually go and work with a command line called aws-cli, the client,
and you can write scripts or you can go with
the AWS SDKs or you can work with what's known as the Amazon Cloud formation.
So, the infrastructure as code script, what you do is,
you go and you issue commands like that and what happens is,
here for example, you start an instance that goes very
nice like you would actually touch a file in bash.
Your second option would be to use an SDK and the Amazon SDKs are available in Java,
in.NET, in NodeJS, in Ruby,
Python, you name it here.
I mean, you have lots of programming languages to
work with and this is a little bit more power
because you can do this not from a script or
a bunch of serial commands like that or sequential commands,
but you can actually go and create an S3 bucket and upload things in it,
like.put_object in something and do if
statements and configuration files and you name it.
Your third option is known as Amazon Cloud formation and that's
a Json description of lots of resources on permissions and
constraint and the beauty of that one is its atomicity.
So, the idea is, this whole Json description forms what's known as a stack.
So, you start your stack and either everything in
your stack succeeds or there is a failure and the stack doesn't launch.
So, you're sure when I stack launches,
that everything that you specified is actually working correctly.
When you want to tear down that stack,
you know that you've cleaned up all resources very nicely.